{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Garamond;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\colortbl ;\red34\green34\blue34;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2510;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\fi1080\li-1080\qc\lang9\b\f0\fs36 Bertha L. Phillips-Johnson\fs44\par
\fs28 8854 Chalkstone Rd\par
Charlotte, NC 28216\par
johnsbl23@gmail.com\par
704-840-6175\par
\pard\b0\fs24\~ \~ \~ \~ \~ \~ \~ \~ \~ \~ \~ \~ \~ \~ \~ \~ \~ \~ \~ \~ \~ \~ \~ \~\line\fs22\par
\ul\b EDUCATION\ulnone  \par
\par
\par
Gannon University, 2004\par
\b0\i Bachelor of Science, Business Administration\par
\par
\b\i0 JH Thompson Academics, 1996\par
\b0\i Associates Degree, Business Administration/\par
Certification/Medical Assistant\par
\par
\ul\b\i0 WORK EXPERIENCE\ulnone  \par
\par
\par
\pard\ri-450\tx9000 Electrolux Major Appliances International \tab\tab June 2013- September 2014\par
\pard\b0\i International Sales Coordinator\par
\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\tx720\cf1\highlight2\i0 Create new proforma invoices/orders and email to the overseas Business Development Managers for their review and approval.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Change the status of proforma invoices to approved customer orders after signed confirmation is received from customers.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Make changes to customer orders, as required, after approval from Sales/Customers.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Enter and maintain Sales forecasts based on input from the outside sales team\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Enter new customer records and maintain existing customer records\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Work with the Charlotte-based international Logistics team to resolve issues with fulfillment of customer orders that require action by the Sales team\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Collaborate with the Charlotte-based Demand Planning team on the monthly production forecasting process and to identify risks and opportunities to the forward looking sales forecast\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Facilitate development of sales forecasts for new product launches, expansions, and matured products through collaboration between Sales, Marketing, and Product Lines\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Interface with Charlotte-based Accounting & Credit team to resolve billing or credit issues that require action by the Sales team\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Interface with and support the Dubai-based Sales Operations Manager\~on Sales &\~ Demand Planning Process & Tool development, implementation and execution\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Invoicing and accounts payable functions\par
\pard\cf0\highlight0\i\par
\b\i0\par
\par
Amerisource Bergen Consulting \tab\tab\tab\tab       January 2012 - May 2013\par
\b0\i Patient Case Coordinator \par
\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Analyzed and projected project resource needs for projects and ensured that sites were performing in-line with SDLC and IT project standards\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Worked directly with Project Managers to support scope of projects\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Delegated tasks to the team and enforced developmental processes\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Mentored and assisted team members\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab} Answers basic clinical and program inquiries.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Coordinates access to therapies schedules and conducts appropriate follow-up and facilitates access to appropriate support services.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab} Facilitates access to appropriate support services including reimbursement   counseling nursing hotline and support.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Processes incoming enrollment forms for program.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Follows up via phone mail and/or fax for missing enrollment information.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Supports payer research health care policy library and state management.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab} Identifies other sources of health care coverage for patients through simple queries and use of PayerPlus database.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Performs related duties as assigned.\par
\pard\b\par
National Dealers Service \tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab       2011-2012\par
\b0\i Corporate Trainer \par
\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Planned, conducted, coordinated and implemented a comprehensive training program for the sales staff \b\par
\b0{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Training components were geared toward new hires, existing sales staff, and sales professionals who seek one-on-one assistance\b\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\b0 Supported the selling efforts of the entire sales team by performing system maintenance, forecasting sales trends as well as working directly with customer service and repair shops to ensure that all sales that were generated received the appropriate attention\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Created residual training presentations for ongoing development\b\par
\b0{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Excellent presentation skills, as well as the ability to motivate, teach and inspire the sales staff\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Proficiency in Microsoft PowerPoint and Excel\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Facilitated role playing, as well as other types of discussion and participatory seminars\b\par
\b0{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Collaborated with billing and credit teams to resolve issues in regards to monthly payments, initial payments and renewals\b\par
\pard\li720\b0\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Program Development\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li1440 Developed a training program that centered around the organization's goals, values and mission statement\b\par
\b0{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Continually monitored the program for effectiveness and suitability to the sales team, economy, demographics and the competition\b\par
\b0{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Enhanced the sales staff productivity: closing skills, consultative sales skills, overcoming objections, product knowledge and writing contracts\b\par
\b0{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Strong attention to detail needed to ensure follow thru from start to finish of all tasks\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Highly organized and efficient at working without immediate supervision in order to attain a profitable end result\par
\pard\li1440\par
\pard\b Quest Supplies\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab       2010-2011\par
\b0\i Director of Call Center Operations\par
\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Oversaw the launch and day to day management of $2m national commercial retail account\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Managed staff of up to 6 supervisors, 75 Call Center agents and account administrators\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Hired, trained and developed all Call Center staff to be fully versed on procedures essential to the success of the team\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Coordinated with key client contacts as well as internal contacts such as Workforce, IT, Warehouse/Logistics, and Human Resources to ensure compliance \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Prepared and generated financial reports to review metrics against KPI\rquote s analyzing data and P&L trends\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Managed projects to align with both client and organizational goals and objectives\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Developed and reviewed Call Center processes and procedures to identify and implement operational improvement\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Developed and evaluated employee performance to identify and recommend training opportunities\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Responsible for the performance management of all call center staff including employee development, disciplinary action, and termination\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Developed and implemented standardized training manual to improve call center efficiency\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Oversaw quality control initiatives by monitoring phone calls and emails to ensure quality standards were met\par
\pard\li720\par
\pard\b United Way of Central Carolinas  \tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab     2007 \endash  2010 \par
\b0\i Operations Manager\tab\par
\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Responsible for maintenance of AS400 database\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Created and maintained new and existing contacts\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Pulled reports that forecast production, hours spent and quality\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Created new records and email correspondence \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab} Served as the main point of contact for all call center issues and escalated matters\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Supervised all 211 call center operations including: staff hiring, training, supervision, and development; maintaining written job descriptions for each staff member position, and managing time, space, equipment, and technological resources\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Managed programs for which Mecklenburg County United Way is responsible including all Community Impact initiatives, the Imagination Library, Crisis Assistance, Red Cross Prescription Discount Program, Charlotte  211, the Emergency Food and Shelter Program, the Mecklenburg County Homeless Assistance Program, and others approved or acquired by the Board\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Maintained organizational compliance with United Way Worldwide, United Way of NC, State Employees Combined Appeal Campaign and Combined Federal Campaign\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Enhanced United Way community relationships by meeting with constituents to ensure public understanding\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Managed projects to align with goals, identified and implement processes and operational improvements\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Developed and evaluated employee performance to identify and recommend training opportunities\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Coordinated with Logistics and fulfillment to ensure on time and proper distribution of materials or product\par
\pard\li360\par
\par
\par
\pard\fi-360\li360\b Business Financial Specialist \tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab 6/2005-7/2007\par
\b0 Wachovia Bank\b\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\b0 Provided a full range of business banking services to customers with an emphasis on business products. \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Targeted home based and mobile business people in emerging suburbs or in a satellite downtown office. \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Actively cross-selled additional business products such as loans and cash management products through referrals to partners. \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Outbound calling with the goal of acquiring 100% of the customers' financial services business. \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Developed and maintained relationships with Wells Fargo partners to maximize sales opportunities. Annual Certification may be required.\par
\pard\b\par
Dial America Marketing Inc\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab     2000 - 2005\par
\b0\i Assistant Branch Operations Manager\par
\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Managed the development, implementation and evaluation of all call center performance metrics \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Trained over 500 call center representative in high volume environment on all aspects of sales goals, integrity, and performance\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Skilled at teaching representative how to deal with cold call and cross selling reluctance issues, effective sales presentations, core sales fundamentals and script development /call flow\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Evaluated call performance trends across the center and made recommendations for policies, processes and procedures\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Developed and mentored 8 midlevel managers:\b  \b0 trained on company policies and procedures in regards to hiring, terminations, interviewing skills, goal attainment, accountability measures and employee recognition\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Lead generation and management\par
\pard\b\par
\par
\par
Additional Experience:\par
\bullet         \b0  8 years call center management and planning experience.\par
\bullet          Managed the development, implementation and evaluation of all call center \tab performance metrics for 4 shifts Mon-Sat.\par
\bullet          Trained over 500 call center representative in high volume environment on all \tab aspects of sales goals, integrity, and performance.\par
\bullet          Managed full operational aspects of the United Way 2-1-1 call center.\par
\bullet          Skilled at teaching representative how to deal with cold call and cross selling \tab reluctance issues, effective sales presentations, core sales fundamentals and \tab script development /call flow.\par
\bullet          Evaluated call performance trends across the center and made recommendations \tab for policies, processes and procedures.\par
\bullet          Skilled at identifying and implementing the measurement of call performance \tab metrics.\par
\bullet          Mentored and trained representatives of all levels of experience through coaching, \tab monitoring and residual lessons.\par
\bullet          Project management experience.\par
\bullet          Developed and mentored 8 mid level managers, trained on company policies and \tab procedures in regards to hiring, terminations interviewing skills, goal attainment, \tab accountability measures and employee recognition.\par
\bullet          Designed employee recognition incentive programs and rewards.\par
\bullet          Trained on loan processing, treasury services, wire transfers.\par
\bullet          Lead management of eastern thru Pacific Time zones.\par
\bullet          Directed and administered financial center sales force for Bank of America credit \tab card acquisitions, increased performance by over 300%.\par
\bullet          Promotion of company products and maintained close relationships with business \tab partners and business officers.\par
\bullet          Directed and delegated sales responsibilities to all other customer service \tab managers and ensured follow up of completion.\par
\bullet          Recruited representatives through advertisements, job fairs.\par
\bullet          Responsible for hiring and recruitment of sales representatives and managers. \tab Skilled in behavioral and non behavioral interview processes and techniques.\par
\bullet          Skilled and trained on all levels of inbound and outbound sales as well as over \tab exceeding goals. Including but not limited to up - selling and cross selling.\par
\par
\pard\qc\b\i Reference available upon request\par
\pard\b0\i0  \par
}
 